hello everyone welcome to kung fu pets
okay so um yes Here I am we have a new
event up right now and that is some kind
of football baseball season sorry
baseball season with a llama and a
gorilla ooh gorillas so do you lost
realism a quaint gorilla we have one of
the other gorillas I think there's a
link may be there too I don't know
anyways we have to find all the
clubhouse items which is pretty cool um
and if we do that well we have right now
we get this collect this use 194 that
that is a lot of money I don't know
about that man but if you want to buy
the actual gorilla it's 495 gems which
is not bad okay so yeah and I don't know
what's for the llama I guess after you
get that you can get the lamb or
something I don't know if you can breed
these guys though I think you're only
supposed to 208 ice one by all blom must
be better because he's like way more
expensive but yeah that's going on
anyways I'm gonna hatch what I have here
I don't think I got anything special but
you guys wanted to see um another video
of this so that's why I decide to make
it yeah it's something special I didn't
think so come on Tundra what are you
doing cheers oh can I got a snowflake
mean upper back not not much a big big
deal so what I want you guys to do oh
wait there's your the girls no that's
the plague Rella yeah but I want you
guys to do because I do have to level up
if I have a chance of getting anything
that is remotely good in terms of like
rarity monsters or pets that I haven't
gotten before oh my god be serious wow
so annoying yeah if I was I was saying
so annoying yeah if that was I saying
what was I saying Oh John Mark seriously
yeah if I want to get other rare
monsters by breeding because they said
that whatever those reading events come
up you always have to have your pets or
your monsters level up to level 15 or
over and right now I am NOT
be so well with that why are you not
working stop this thing's nigga my
nerves okay anyways guys um yeah thanks
for watching if you guys have any
suggestions I hate that they need to
update and fix that it's so annoying
like you guys this happen to you when
you touch something and you're not
trying to drag it and it just drags like
it's just so annoying she is anyways
yeah if you guys have any other comments
suggestions I do have to look at my old
videos for other comments that you guys
left me but please let me know in the
comments below I know this looks like a
sucky video but you guys wanted a
console pets video I really didn't have
anything to show except for the
announcement of the baseball word it's
badda-badda badda-badda okay well
anyways guys on yeah that's it really so
yeah like and subscribe but